Add CONTRIBUTING.md (#66)
acquia/next-acms: CONTRIBUTE.md

## How to contribute to Next.js for Acquia CMS

1. Have Acquia CMS installed from https://github.com/acquia/next-acms/blob/main/README.md#installation-acquia-cms with your Node environment variables copied to your clipboard.

>    > **_NOTE:_** You can use any web server of your choice **_except_** for the built-in PHP server which won't work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **_NOTE:_** You can use any multi-threaded web server of your choice (i.e. the built-in PHP server isn't supported).
```

1. Have Acquia CMS installed from https://github.com/acquia/next-acms/blob/main/README.md#installation-acquia-cms with your Node environment variables copied to your clipboard.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35243020/178577853-d6e91755-e6e3-4d62-9e56-ef7b7566c2c1.png)

3. Fork the `acquia/next-acms` project repo and pull it down to your local machine (outside of the ACMS directory is recommended) and add the original repo as the upstream.

```
$ cd my_name/next-acms
$ git remote add upstream https://github.com/acquia/next-acms
```

> 4. Go into `starters/basic-starter/.env.local` in your forked repo and paste in your environment variables from step 1.

Reviewer 2: Does this file exist already? If not, maybe we should just tell them to create the file with the env vars.

> 3. Create an `.env.local` file in the `/starters` directory in your forked repo and paste in your environment variables from step 1.

Reviewer: Wouldn't this be in the `/starters/basic-starter` directory?

   > **_NOTE:_** Next.js preview mode only works in production mode. To run in production mode, run `yarn build` then `yarn start` inside the `starters/basic-starter` directory.

5. Now you can make changes to your repo, commit them, push them up to your remote, then create a pull request for `acquia/next-acms` to contribute.

## How to debug with Chrome DevTools

The following approach is with Chrome. For debugging using the VS Code debugger please see: https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/debugging

> Running `yarn dev` will also run `NODE_OPTIONS='--inspect'` which will allow you to debug server-side Next.js, and it can be accessed by visiting [chrome://inspect/#devices](url) in your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `yarn dev` will also run `NODE_OPTIONS='--inspect'` which will allow you to debug server-side Next.js, and it can be accessed by visiting [chrome://inspect/#devices](url) in Chrome.
```

## How to contribute to Next.js for Acquia CMS

> **_NOTE:_** You can use the web server of your choice.

1. Have Acquia CMS installed from https://github.com/acquia/next-acms/blob/main/README.md#installation-acquia-cms with your Node environment variables copied to your clipboard.

![Screenshot of environment variables example on ACMS](assets/env_variables.png)

3. Fork the `acquia/next-acms` project repo and pull it down to your local machine (outside of the ACMS directory is recommended) and add the original repo as the upstream.

```
$ cd next-acms
$ git remote add upstream https://github.com/acquia/next-acms
```

4. Create an `.env.local` file in the `/starters` directory in your forked repo and paste in your environment variables from step 1.
5. From the root directory, run `yarn install,` `yarn build`, then `yarn dev` to start the development server on `http://localhost:3000`.

>    > **_NOTE:_** Next.js preview mode only works in production mode.

Reviewer: Can we mention that this means running `yarn build` and then running `yarn start` inside the `starters/basic-starter` directory

## How to contribute to Next.js for Acquia CMS

> **_NOTE:_** You can use the web server of your choice.

1. Have Acquia CMS installed from https://github.com/acquia/next-acms/blob/main/README.md#installation-acquia-cms with your Node environment variables copied to your clipboard.

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35243020/178577853-d6e91755-e6e3-4d62-9e56-ef7b7566c2c1.png)

Reviewer: I think the images should probably be in the repository
